IICE MAN's MOVE LIST

SPECIALS

Ice Spit -   	  Spits a ice sickle at P2 (Ground and Air)
                  QCF,x (1 ice) - QCF,y (2 ice) - QCF,z (3 ice)

Ice Clone - 	  Creates different clones of ice, if P2 touches the ice, he is frozen for a few seconds (Ground and Air)
                  This move can also block 1 projectile and will break upon impact.
                  QCB,x,y,z (each command does a different clone (6 altogether 3 on ground and 3 in air) plus 3 different ones against Roll.
                  Iceman trys to find his way into Rolls heart with these ice clones, he is telling a story to her.
                  NOTE: Only 1 ice clone can be on screen at anytime. Cannot cast if P2 is already frozen.

Snowbomb - 	   QCB,a,b,c




POWERSETS

1.Arctic wind -     Ice blows a cold air towards P2 there is only a short period of time before the cloud disappears, if P2 gets caught in it he
                    will be frozen (Ground and Air)

2.Wall Spikes -     Iceman triggers spikes and Large ice to come out the wall (Ground Only)
                    1- ice spikes go up and down, 2 ice spikes go down than up, 3 ice blocks come out the wall together to knock P2 forward

3.Ice Sled -        Iceman jumps on his sled to go for a ride, this ride will end after 1 second or when he hits P2 (Ground Only)


4.Icy Floor -       Iceman creates a sheet of ice if P2 steps on it, it will break and cause P2 to trip. (Ground Only)
                    If P2 does not walk on the ice than the ice will melt in time.
                    NOTE: Only 1 icy floor can be cast at any time

5.Icicles -         Icicles fall from the ceiling.

6.Ice enhanced -    All basic attacks are now enhanced with Ice.

HYPERS

Ice Beam - 	    Cast a large beam if P2 is caught he will feel the frozen wind and freeze up
                    QCF,x,y,z
                    NOTE:This cannot be used if P2 is frozen instead he uses ice spitter hyper

Ice Spitter -       Spits a bunch of ice projectiles towards P2
                    QCF,x,y,z
                    NOTE:This can ONLY be used if P2 is frozen, if he is NOT frozen he will use ice beam.

North Pole -        Iceman freezes the entire stage creating spikes above as well, If p2 jumps and land he will fall, if P2 jumps he will hit a                                                     
                    spike and than the ground and than fall, your best bet when this move is active is to charge iceman head-on (if he does
                    not freeze you before you get to close)  

Snowman Bombs -     Snowman bombs attack P2 and explode on impact
                    QCB,a,b,c

Freezing Wind -     Freezing Wind
                    QCF,a,b,c