SKULL MAN's MOVE LIST


SPECIALS
1.Blaster Shot -    (QCFx,QCFy,QCFz) Shoots cannon low, medium and upwards position. (Works in AIR)

2.Skullbarrier -    (QCBx,QCBy,QCBz)Causes damage to enemy in radius and has a short duration. Can also block one attack or projectile without taking damage and can not be thrown into a projectile.

3.Teleport -        (QCBa,QCBb,QCBc) Teleports the player. (Back,Close,Far)

4.Invisibility -    (FBFx,FBFy,FBFz) Makes the player invisible, hit the CMD again while invisible to become visible.
   		    NOTE:  While Invisible is active, Skullbarrier and Teleport will not be active. (Did not want players "Cheezing")
		    NOTE2: Also if Skullbarrier is active Invisibility will drop Skullbarrier
		    NOTE3: All Hypers will cause the player to become visible again (You can cast hypers while invisible)



POWERSETS 	    ((CMD FOR POWERSETS (QCFa,QCFb,QCFc))

1.Haunt -            Throws out a Spirit at the cost of 10 health, if the move hits it cause damage to P2 and P1 gains 25 health.
	             If you miss you get no health back and lose the 10 health from casting.
		     NOTE: If your health is 10 or below this move will not kill you, you will be reduce to 1hp while casting. 
	             A= Low, B= Medium, C= High (Works in AIR).

2.Spikes -           Impale the target with spikes coming from the players back.
         	     A= Weak,B =Medium,C =Strong (Works in AIR).

3.Missiles -         Shoots a missile out of his chest causing explosiove damage.
	             A=Slow, B=Normal,C=Fast (Works in AIR)

4.Homing Missile -   A Missile targeted for the enemy. The enemy has so much time to escape before the missile explodes.
		     A,B,C are all the same, may change in next update.

5.Bone Joe -         Bone joe rises to throw some bones.
	             A= 1 Bone,B= 2 Bones,3= Bones

6.Machine gun -      A machine gun comes out of his chest and fires fast projectiles. 
		     A=3bullets,B=4Bullets,C=5Bullets.



HYPERS

1.Machine gunner -   (QCFx+y, QCFx+z, QCFy+z) His hands turn into machine guns firing bullets in both directions.

2.Laughing Skulls -  (QCFa+b, QCFa+c, QCFb+c) Summons laughing skulls to do his bidding.



ULTIMATES

1.Skullbot -         (QCBx+y, QCBx+z, QCBy+z) Summons the Ultimate Hyper, Skullbot. Skullman goes rouge and you only get out of this hyper 2 ways block his knife attack, or stay off the ground long enough for him to be visable again.
					      If caught by the knife attack, The hyper begins and the Skullbot comes in to Shoot a lazer so powerful the enemy is almost dead by the time its over (and thats at full health). 
					      The Powercost is 3000, and if you miss the inital attack you lose the 3000 power, so play wisely.